README.rst, before:

8chan/vichan Python Library
===========================
The Bibliotheca Anonoma's **complete Python Wrapper for the 8chan API.**
Uses requests, respects if-modified-since headers on updating threads.
Caches thread objects. Fun stuff.

An absolute must if you want to interface with or scrape from 8chan or other vichan-based imageboards/textboards,
using a Python script._

`Hosted Documentation <http://py8chan.readthedocs.org/en/latest/index.html>`_

`Github Repository <https://github.com/bibanon/py8chan>`_

You can install this library `straight from
PyPi <https://pypi.python.org/pypi/py8chan>`_ with::

    pip install py8chan


**Getting Help**

If you want help, or you have some trouble using this library, our primary IRC channel
is `#bibanon on irc.rizon.net <http://qchat2.rizon.net/?channels=bibanon>`_. Simply head
in there and talk to dan or antonizoon. Otherwise, you can put a issue on our `Github
Issue Tracker <https://github.com/bibanon/py8chan>`_ and we'll respond as soon as
we can!

--------

Usage
-----

.. code:: python

    import py8chan
    b = py8chan.Board('b')
    thread = b.get_thread(423491034)

    print(thread)

    # supports displaying extra files in one post as well!
    for file in thread.file_objects():
        print(file.file_url)
        
    # In a while...
    print("I fetched", thread.update(), "new replies.")

Documentation
-------------

This library mostly extends the classes of `BASC-py4chan <https://github.com/bibanon/BASC-py4chan>`_, but has some differences. See the py8chan documentation for more info.

`py8chan Documentation <http://py8chan.readthedocs.org/en/latest/index.html>`_

Notice that some functions are not implemented in the 8chan API. These functions will `raise an AttributeError when used. <http://stackoverflow.com/a/23126260>`_

License
-------

.. code:: text

                DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO PUBLIC LICENSE
                        Version 2, December 2004

     Copyright (C) 2004 Sam Hocevar <sam@hocevar.net>

     Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim or modified
     copies of this license document, and changing it is allowed as long
     as the name is changed.

                DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO PUBLIC LICENSE
       TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION

      0. You just DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO.

Commit message:

Fixed the README to reflect pyvichan

README.rst, after:

Vichan Python Library
===========================
The Bibliotheca Anonoma's **complete Python Wrapper for the Vichan API.**
Uses requests, respects if-modified-since headers on updating threads.
Caches thread objects. Fun stuff.

An absolute must if you want to interface with or scrape from 8chan or other vichan-based imageboards/textboards,
using a Python script._

`Hosted Documentation <http://py8chan.readthedocs.org/en/latest/index.html>`_

`Github Repository <https://github.com/bibanon/pyvichan>`_

You can install this library `straight from
PyPi <https://pypi.python.org/pypi/pyvichan>`_ with::

    pip install pyvichan


**Getting Help**

If you want help, or you have some trouble using this library, our primary IRC channel
is `#bibanon on irc.rizon.net <http://qchat2.rizon.net/?channels=bibanon>`_. Simply head
in there and talk to dan or antonizoon. Otherwise, you can put a issue on our `Github
Issue Tracker <https://github.com/bibanon/pyvichan>`_ and we'll respond as soon as
we can!

--------

Usage
-----

.. code:: python

    import pyvichan
    b = pyvichan.Board('b')
    thread = b.get_thread(423491034)

    print(thread)

    # supports displaying extra files in one post as well!
    for file in thread.file_objects():
        print(file.file_url)
        
    # In a while...
    print("I fetched", thread.update(), "new replies.")

Documentation
-------------

This library mostly extends the classes of `BASC-py4chan <https://github.com/bibanon/BASC-py4chan>`_, but has some differences. There are some, but few diffrerences between py8chan and pyvichan. For now, refer to the py8chan documentation for more info.

`py8chan Documentation <http://py8chan.readthedocs.org/en/latest/index.html>`_

Notice that some functions are not implemented in the 8chan API. These functions will `raise an AttributeError when used. <http://stackoverflow.com/a/23126260>`_

License
-------

.. code:: text

                DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO PUBLIC LICENSE
                        Version 2, December 2004

     Copyright (C) 2004 Sam Hocevar <sam@hocevar.net>

     Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim or modified
     copies of this license document, and changing it is allowed as long
     as the name is changed.

                DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO PUBLIC LICENSE
       TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION

      0. You just DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO.
